So the first thing or
I just open a backup in StackList.
So the first thing that we see
here is that oldest data or
the fetching data is now in
our presentational component.
So we don't want that, so
we're just going to move this to
our container listings component.
I just copied it,
I'm just going to paste it.
Now, in here, I already imported the
listings component from the presentational
listings that's exported here.
So I can remove this and instead,
I'm going to expect some props from here,
because I'm going to get the listings
from props instead of my own data,
instead of my own state.
Now, it just shows up because
I haven't passed it there yet.
So in here, I have listings and
all I'm gonna do is to return listings,
the presentational components and
then listings is data.
Data listings sorta like that.
Let me just get this real quick,
There's a caching problem again.
Oops.
Presentational.
It'll just props them up.
Listings.
Okay, I'm just gonna
refresh this real quick.
>> I think in app.js,
you need to be pulling in listings from
container instead of
presentational component.
>> You are so right, okay, it's from
the container, yeah, that was it, okay,
that was my bad.
Okay, so now indeed, yeah, so because we
had to render that upper level container
component, which of course,
wrapped that presentational component.
It was complaining that it didn't have
access to props because we were still
rendering that presentational component.
Yeah, so in here,
we're now just fetching the data here and
then rendering listings as
a presentational component right there.
So that's a pretty useful way too, yeah,
like I said before I have
that separation of concerns.
We just have one component just
responsible for fetching data and
the other for the presentational side.
Questions?
>> Is it common to split the component
files into container and
presentational folders?
I've typically always kept similar files
together, all the listing files and-
>> Yeah.
>> Components listings folder,
for example, but
I've never known what
the preferred approach is.
>> I don't really think
there's a preferred approach,
I'm very used to splitting
this up into container and
presentational, but everyone has their
own way of naming files, naming folders.
I mean, yeah, we could have just
moved this back to, no, okay, well,
I won't, cuz it just throws an error.
We could have just named this like
listings container component about tsx, or
listings component, it doesn't matter.
Personally, I prefer this, but
if you prefer anything else,
that's completely fine.
I don't know if there is
the best way to do it,
I think every developer kind of uses their
own way of folder structure naming files.